Removing `safedata_zenodo` `amend_metadata` subcommand (#200)
ImperialCollegeLondon/safe_dataset_checker: docs/data_managers/using_safedata/publishing_datasets.md

    include "data_managers/using_safedata/update_script.py"
    %}
    ```

> 
> ## Amending metadata of published deposits
> 
> Once a deposit has been published to Zenodo its metadata cannot be changed using tools
> provided by the `safedata_validator` package. However, you can edit the metadata by
> using the Zenodo web interface. We would **strongly** advise against doing this, unless
> changes need to be urgently made to dataset access conditions. In all other cases, we
> would recommend uploading a new dataset version instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

## Amending metadata of published deposits

Once a deposit has been published to Zenodo its metadata cannot be changed using tools
provided by the `safedata_validator` package. 

You can edit the metadata through the Zenodo web interface, but this does mean
that the Zenodo metadata will no longer match the metadata included in the data
files. If you need to change the metadata associated with a published deposit, we 
generally strongly recommend uploading a new dataset version with updated metadata. 

We would probably make an exception for simply updating the access status of a published record, 
for example to release a dataset from embargo ahead of the scheduled date or to remove 
restrictions from a dataset.
```
